Ts 970 custom exception (#40)
th2-net/th2-codec: README.md

## Changelog

### v4.7.0

> #### Fixed:
> 
> * Error logs and error events are made more informative (added custom Exception for validating incoming messages)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Added:

* Error logs and error events are made more informative (added custom `ValidateException` for validating incoming messages)
```
